hey afterbuzzers we are back for season
four of oranges a new black this is
episode one work that body for me and
stick around for episode two power suit
I keep my say pantsuit destination for
TV super fan discussion afterbuzz TV and
now let the buzz begin
it's good it's good to be back afterbuzz
there's our new black we're back for
season four season four I cannot believe
in the show was maturing it's like
senior year yeah before we get there
let's introduce everyone I am Scott
Moore you can find me on twitter at s
man 80 and to my left are these
beautiful ladies hey guys I'm sterling
Cates you can find me on twitter at
sterling Cates hello guys I'm new to the
panel so I'm so excited to be joining
these two lovely hosts I'm Kenny Khalil
follow me on twitter at conical all yes
so we can we can dig right in I don't
even know why I've said pantsuit I must
have had some election and Hillary
Clinton limo yes but you know we started
with with episode one and I don't know
you guys thought but I loved basically
we started right where we left off at
the end of season three yeah didn't skip
a beat at all which i think is actually
really good I love when shows do that it
kind of you're just taken right back
into it right because I was nervous like
starting season four cuz it's been a
whole year we did this like it's like
you know what I mean I think us but not
too and yes and that's why I was saying
I was saying on camera I'm like I'm a
bit rusty I mean trying to remember all
the character names and getting back
with it and think like what happened at
the end of season three but because well
they did have that little recap before
you start which was very helpful very
helpful but when they dive right back
into it I was just like oh okay now I
don't even have to try to remember what
happened I just felt really natural
continuing story I totally agree I was
like going through my notes like
yeah no it definitely helped and
what did you think overall just of your
thoughts of starting out with this
season in this very first episode I
don't know if I'm giving it away but
have you all seen any further than the
first two episode you're gonna be very
watch each week then we're gonna get to
canoeing and do spoilers yes I know in
the week we and it just happens but I
personally also just like to stick with
it too because I feel like you're just
you're kind of progressing with these
recaps so I've only seen the first two
as well with the show like this there's
so many characters that are being
followed that have really in-depth
storylines and you know there's I mean
how many are there I don't even
but to go ahead and watch and pretend
like you haven't is probably the hardest
thing I know my god there's like 80
people to keep up with so no count on me
just being right on track what's
everybody yeah there's a whole new group
of inmates now so it's like right forget
about all the characters we know now
there are new stories to learn yeah just
when we were getting to know that well
and that's kind of thing is we're kind
of just mentioning before we came on
camera about sort of the the show was
maturing this is the four seasons like
the senior year and now you're seeing
like the freshmen come in you're seeing
the new group of prisoners come in and
you're seeing a whole new group of cast
members and just getting to know all
these new people new storylines and the
show itself has matured as far as the
writing and sort of the direction we're
going in and the fact that we've really
branched away from the initial what the
show was about you know with Piper in
her life and her life trying to get out
of that waspy life and deal with prison
and see how she's changed throughout
these past couple seasons yeah her
on-again off-again relationship with
Alex and all like you said all these
other characters that are in there I
hope and a lot of the cast members
returned yeah I would watch a lot of the
interviews and they're like season four
is probably the darkest season as of yet
already on that already on that track
the percepts episode was kind of more
comedic in my opinion I think a lot more
relief but that as we get going the
second episode could tell this is gonna
be deep because they bring up so many
political references which will all get
into later on yes they do well I and I'm
gonna be and I know a lot of people out
there are gonna totally disagree with me
but I was in a way and I know that
sounds horrible a little underwhelmed at
the first episode because I was turning
thing and I know there's gonna be a lot
of people are gonna hate me but it just
felt like you have to do this in a first
episode kind of get everybody back on
board again but I was kind of thinking
okay what are we gonna do now what's
who's the who's the evil crazy character
what's gonna happen cuz we've had so
many things that have built up to this
point and I felt a little bit
underwhelmed that was just me a few
people but I think just having watched
the first and second episode I thought
the first episode was more exciting for
me than really why is that I don't know
well I just I think maybe I was just
excited that the show is back so my like
level of excitement was already
all righty hi but I I just I thought it
I found it interesting that my my
opinion on all of the characters has
changed every single character yes how I
felt about them in season one two and
three is completely different than how I
feel about them now and I was such a
Piper hater at the end alas the first
three seasons I'm like you're getting a
little bit to my you're gonna die
everything I've read online a thing the
same thing you know you're right and I
try not to look too closely because I
don't want to get those spoiler alert
but so just kind of diving in because I
know also we have less time when we have
to jump in to the second episode again
now everyone knows we're going right
into the second episode it's in case we
slip or say anything please forgive us
yeah but we're at least cool rolling
right into it so yeah so basically I was
saying is that we opened right up with
them all in the water every all the
ladies have escaped and I love that
first opening scene to with lolly just
yeah to do the little walk by the green
house perfect timing
you know sees Aidan in there joking
trying to take out I love Alex
she's like kickin it the yeah that was
his name right who bros hitmen yeah
she's like alright so you want to go to
Lake yeah it's so casually look I I
really really I really like Alex and
lollies really yeah I don't know because
it wasn't that way I mean obviously Alex
was very paranoid of lolly and he was
very paranoid at the same time so you
got these two paranoid characters not
really I loved it I loved that Alex was
thought that lolly was after her the
whole time but really lolly just saved
her life and now she's like when I go
swimming I don't do this now they're
like besties basically and then you see
that whole paranoid thing with Holly
about you know she's just again totally
off base talking about the NSA and was
it like the 112 acre parking lot or
whatever that was just for the car that
was a true fact that isn't true that
that is a truth I thought that was
interesting she just rants and says the
most craziest lines but I feel like her
and crazy eyes are the two characters
who know how to deliver their lines yeah
so well look if anyone else said luggage
lines they wouldn't come out as funny as
she says she's a good actress obviously
ya know it's a lot it's a lot of fun she
also went there with a Cosby lined you
guys remember yes that is I was like wow
yeah great reference she went there yeah
and you were kind of talking about Piper
you know when we see her come back and
she's just acting like she's you know
gangsta with animes like kill me sober
topic and she's just I guess you know
yeah so what do you think of that as we
were going along with this episode I
started to feel like oh it's this facade
at first I really thought she was
believing it from kind of last season
when she was you know running her
business and everything began watching
this episode I thought she kind of feels
like she's trying to make herself leave
it she doesn't believe it yet until she
has the approval of other people right
so she's so desperate you got power and
not attention it's too much it is yeah
it's like she's like this white blonde
but the new inmates believe that she's
the the woman in charge well and that's
the thing that's that Soraka tells them
right that's what's Cleve I'm watching
this is to see this whole change from
when she was the you know new one and
now that's oh I'm saying sort of the
show maturing and and we've moved
episodes is like now she's the one
that's been there and she knows what's
going on or you know pretends to know
what's going on and then you have these
newbies coming in so it's interesting to
watch this dynamic yeah and changgil so
no one knows who you are but in the show
there is just such a power struggle with
everyone whether it's higher up or
within the inmates or and mates overall
or the smaller groups within the inmates
like everyone is struggling for power no
matter at what level exactly and trying
to find their place and where they fit
into all these different power
structures and and that's like life in
general yeah confined obviously and the
tight space exactly where they don't
have they can't just get a while they
attempted to get away but yeah so I mean
the this was I thought just a really
great way to get back into it you know
we're seeing about the overcrowding
because of these new inmates coming in
and trying to find the right space and
then of course you throw in Judy King
yeah you know famous okay like the
Martha Stewart and that comes in and
and you're seeing also the way Caputo is
having to deal with all that and the
favoritism and all the weird kind of
stuff going on with that what did you
all think with I mean it gives it gives
you a perspective of I mean obviously
the whole show is you know behind the
scenes at the prison life but what
happens when a famous person goes to
prison I mean what if these kind of
conversations do happen in real life
when so many of these Hollywood
celebrities have done the same thing so
yeah yeah interesting I just I I thought
it was funny because working in my own
line of work could you deal with talent
and other people when you're thinking
about the special treatment like all of
a sudden like she's the special
treatment person but I just thought it
was funny that whole thing with yeah you
know having loose check back there yeah
they're all having their hang out sesh
and chatting it was just it was it was
kind of funny but very realistic I
thought yeah it's obviously the very
beginning of her being there she hasn't
interacted with it and my other inmates
as much but I just see that blowing up
her getting all the special treatment
and you know I loved who says-- face
when she was about to stay in her book
yeah that might have been my favorite
part of entertained by all starstruck
everyone in the prison was oh yeah of
this Martin Stewart type yeah it was
really really even Caputo as stars okay
yeah I met you earlier yes you shouldn't
be in here yeah yeah but she doesn't
seem like the type who was gonna hold
that over other inmates maybe she is
maybe it'll be surprised but she seems
so far down earth so far I don't know so
you know what you were saying about
crazy eyes were talking about with with
you know lolly and crazy eyes would you
guys think of that interesting dynamic
that she had with Maureen
III finally realized I didn't realize
her last name was cuckoo cuckoo yeah
yeah Collins and like sue sue sue sue do
like another song that nobody wants to
hear anything but well I never thought
we'd meet someone crazier than crazy
right that was the the thing that is the
fact yes that here's this moment where
finally I was really hoping she was
gonna have this legit kind of love
affair that she deserved and then to
find out that she's Marines actually
crazy
she is and that crazy eyes was able to
be smart enough to get out of that
situation because I was nervous whereas
where it was headed but she was getting
the scary look on her face you know like
we're not leaving ever her to make up a
story to get out of it I was pretty
impressed by yeah we were so crazy crazy
eyes was literally like begging tickets
yes she's like this is too crazy even
for me I gotta get back because it was
just oh my god this was her whole sort
of dream to have this relationship and
you know be able to have love and and
then here's this person presenting this
to her and yeah one of my favorite lines
from this episode was when she's back
and she's talking to tasty and she's
like exes what are you gonna do
delivered so well just that whole scene
with the whole the house the gingerbread
house and then how she was playing that
off and she licked she was like yeah
that was gross but how she played it all
out and then she like you say it came up
with this brownie thing with this whole
improv and they were kind of playing
that whole game yes yeah yeah and I was
like good improv exactly and you're
playing the whole thing to the point
where she came up with the wedge and
said no no we have to get out and and
the fact that she didn't get caught up
in that yeah cuz I would have figured it
and at that point because I happens with
anyone in general like you have this
relationship you're thinking oh my god
we're out we're free yeah here's someone
that actually has an interest in me but
dinner is not for 44 retirement home I
think that's what I kept envision like I
have to get back to the retirement home
for dinner yeah my grandmother used to
say it's like it's at 4:30 I can't be
late can't do that excited about that I
know but is also not relationship is
just like being infatuated with
someone's work like whether you're an
actor or you're a writer you sometimes
you just can't it's the lines are
blurred so she's right
people can go crazy not really knowing
what they're seeing like people kind of
make fun of it on television but some
people are actually out there who they
think the person they're watching on TV
is in real life do you know what I mean
absolutely no that's what was so brain
about these episodes like you were
saying like the political yeah but also
just bringing up these current events
and things that people do would you only
deal with and that's very true I wonder
she'll do my writing crazy eyes and show
more books I want to know what cuckoo do
did to get in there because when
computers looking at her file later he's
just like oh wow and you know but they
never say what it was I never say what
it was and I was wondering that too
that's something that we're gonna find
out later on this season that's going to
be sort of a big there's gotta be some
how big things gotta be something right
we've almost impressed yeah mark and let
her off so easily
any wonder what could have been he was
almost impressed which I found was weird
but also did she just stop and she like
porn on his what on his carry hmm she's
like I don't know a Kardashian yeah so I
mean that to me was a really interesting
part of this episode as well and but
going on from that what else do we have
going on this episode you know we still
had the new SEOs that were coming in
what was the that's for sure yeah this
is not Pataki piscatella
name so similar yeah they brought in the
big guy they brought in the big guns
this time around do you guys like this
new guard I mean he's gonna be a
prominent actor I think there's a soft
side to him well I I think we're gonna
learn a lot about him as well there's
gonna be and that's the fascinating
thing about the show is you kind of look
at them from the surface and you think
oh it's gonna be completely different
than what it turns out to be so I'm
really kind of interested in again all
the shades of gray the different layers
because you saw Caputo from season one
you're like I always such a jerk
yeah and he's disgusting and gross and
then you dig a little deeper and you
find out others are really good side to
him I knew to season three and now you
see him here at season four like how is
he gonna play out what side of his
character are we gonna see in this
season yeah and we'll be interesting
because he's been there since the
beginning yeah so well yeah I mean even
in this first episode you see both sides
of him again yeah cares about what
happens there but also you know things
that he sweeps under the rug because
he's powerful now right right and he's
the warden
thousands of that anyway yeah but the
other the other the other great thing is
seeing that whole corporate run which
again is a legit thing that's going on
in my is that this is an industry this
is a business mm-hmm
prisons are big business yeah the prison
industrial complex didn't get that from
nothing I mean that employs a lot of
people that makes big money and murder
is the biggest advance as we dig along
into season two we'll get into more
detail exactly how that breaks down and
you can see even though it's sort of
comedic it does have the under
underpinnings of actual truth of like
what's really happening out there and
and it's really kind of sad we even
though it's done in a light-hearted way
right just to see what actually really
happens in my system and recidivism and
all those other things that happen with
prisoners and it's it's sad but it's
also fun to kind of see it in this way
and so we saw again with Caputo now kind
of being the the the big man now the
boss and we see the way he's sort of
treating the employees you kind of see
both sides to it too and how he's
treating the prisoners but I still think
you see that good side to him too and
what really brought him here and why he
stays here and that's something it's
that's what I love about these
characters because you see them so
fleshed out that you can see that
they're imperfect mm-hmm but you can
still refer them to yeah
even with Piper even as much as she got
on my nerves this episode you knew it
was sort of fake and you know that
they're still yeah those layers and
you'll see that nobody's perfect and
sometimes you just don't want to deal
with them because they're so they seem
so dirty but there's also that good side
to him too yeah yeah yeah so did you
guys like the decapitating of the body I
mean that was that really hard for Ali's
I feel she let me go crazy after that I
feel like that's got to come back at
some point because those body parts were
pretty big still yeah yeah that's gonna
come back for sure
and there's eating that food that's
coming well you know that was sort of
you know that was the thing we saw was
Alex I basically ended up being the one
kind of finishing yeah come off that
scene scared me yeah well I've had to
close my eyes
when his eyes were open is that thought
I didn't what he wasn't gonna be there
right when she went back today I thought
he was gonna be alive still and gone I
thought the same exact but then when I
saw that plant was still on the tarp
like exactly how they left it yeah he's
gonna be alive killer
no yeah I seen like that like holding
the nose in them well see that's why I
never seen someone killing someone else
through that way right it was so not
like innocent but it was such a like how
do I describe it like a way to do it
when you don't want to do it but you
have to do it that's the only like a
pudding I've already sent the naked
picture saying you know that I'm dead
but it's sort of like yeah that was but
she knew she had to yeah yes now that he
was alive as like she had to kind of
finish that off and and for her own
safety and and everything but it was
such an intense scene yeah just watching
that and seeing that anguish that she
had see that's how intense that's what I
was thinking of earlier when you were
saying this season's gonna be the
darkened yeah her banished and you said
that season that said one was more
comedic for you and I was like not
buzzing comedic for me she totally
didn't even Freda yeah I thought I found
her very entertaining looks had first of
all she had backing her up yeah she knew
that but your Frida had some of the best
lines of the episode besides all I I
mean it was like the murder I've never
done it before no not one in six feet no
just six in one feet no good
everything's ready turned the soil and
it was just that was like and then you
playing the Papa Road song yeah I want
to know how many bodies are in that
garden it was free to like know what she
was doing yeah so she you know she's
done not before in that garden I bet you
but yeah so I mean that
it was but that was brilliantly
brilliantly done ya song and then just
the way they handled it even that was
kind of gross and like you said there
were so many big like that's gonna have
to come up like something like a Oh like
stick out or some ant like something's
gonna come up oh yeah kbra might even
come back too because he might even not
believe who knows well and that was sort
of one of my things when they were
they're doing the whole texting and the
body and the you know II bought that
girl porn and all that but I was like at
some point
Grethe he's gonna want to either talk to
him or there's gonna be he's gonna
expect him to come back like come on
yeah okay it's like any other book or
movie or anything that you watch where
someone's involved and then they're
killed off then like of course it's
gonna come back it's just when is that
gonna happen
absolutely well so obviously this is
only a reprieve and it's gonna get more
intense so I kind of go back to what you
guys are saying what we've been seeing
online about how it's gonna be a very
dark dark dark season but hopefully that
dark comedy that so yeah I mean any
other final thoughts I mean there was a
lot of stuff there I know we didn't
really read all the merit Lorne I got
married and she oh my god yeah she was
she was very excited
Happy's david dam lake goes back to her
from the beginning yeah reminded me of
her season one two with the whole
session of being married well we know
that she has an obsessive personality
with whatever right so I mean it made
sense for sure that this was something
right but I mean if she did just get
married what she did she should she has
every right to be excited that's
exciting for a prisoner too hot like
yeah like yeah but I think it was just
amping her up that no one cared you know
like listen to me like this matters this
is cooler than you it is funny that way
her whole obsession and now it's sort of
like happening and I nobody cares and I
love that whole scene with her with Alex
yeah and she thinks you know the ex
doesn't but obviously she's yeah
so you have that and you also had red
kind of dealing with this whole thing
two of the you know I'm yep earlier and
breakfast just get up at 3:30 in the
morning now his early shift because of
the prisoners and then she's dealing
with the snoring bunkmate ik what was
her name it was like Dwight yeah yeah
cuz I was thinking is it white cuz I
said thank you I go say hey guys it's
like white like now it's waiting earlier
it's hard to kind of remember everybody
we get all the snoring and like how
could she get rid of that I was thinking
last night - I had to deal with some of
them with the loud music sleep so I
could understand I probably snore chaos
I mean Piper gets a new one and even
what we call her Tova now interesting
racism between them between a Muslim and
a Jew and then that was really
interesting we get more that I think the
next episode of yes we do and and that
was also brewing - with some of her
lines like you know like you're really
from Karachi you know that was done that
was my favorite line I cracked me yeah
the way she delivered everything but it
but it does go back to what we were
saying it deals with real life and real
issues of people and different
backgrounds and and everything that's
sort of out there now that people are
dealing with totally yeah any other
final thoughts from this first episode
it just got me excited if you watch this
like I was yeah my thing - is is just
kind of looking at the season ahead like
whatever
of these people who's coming back yeah
what about you know are we gonna hear
from Nicki
when is when does Sophia get out and a
lot of people out there have already
seen the whole CNN what about Bennett
like yeah you know what are we gonna
hear about that cuz a lot of that stuff
was kind of left out there and I still
was the old assistant warden was her
name we're rusty it's the first episode
yeah I can't he's looking at her face I
know I know I know I actually
interviewed here at afterbuzz and did
the the spotlight with our Jews come on
on that's cool I keep thinking like one
is even I want to see her come back yeah
yeah in some way either she gets
indicted like sort of like the Judy King
thing and yeah he's gonna be in prison
now like I'd love to see her come back
I'm like the other side though so
there's a lot of characters but
especially Bennet especially Nicki that
we
and we know Sofia's gonna come I haven't
heard anything about Bennett coming back
right sorry no unless it's like a
surprise or like don't tell us they
don't need to know but it's also also
that weird just disappear like we
haven't gotten that resolution are we
gonna get that ready just drove off
which was so out of his character yeah
and that just wasn't an enclosure at all
no and nothing was going on with him as
a person I'm trying to think like Amy's
other Matt McGorry I got away with
murder
that's like seasons so I want to see
what's gonna happen ways people know
yeah totally like these people that
especially Bennett that's just yeah left
off and there's a lot there that we need
to kind of tie up these ends and I'm
wondering when the season when that's
gonna happen
yeah and how everyone's gonna be
involved and how's it gonna be with with
Judi King and all the new people so it'd
be fascinating so any other final
thoughts are we gonna roll right into we
can bring up yeah so yeah so now that
we're gonna start with season 4 episode
2 power suit I got it right this time
yeah
not pantsuit I I loved this episode I
thought it brought all what we're saying
like the the prison industrial complex
that the corporate world the
overcrowding and all the personal issues
I mean really in a really well like
thought-out comedic way overall thoughts
for this episode that that you thought
well then I can think of right now is I
learned a lot about just like culture
and tensions like I never even I don't
know if this is actually like a thing in
real life but the fact that it portrayed
this Dominican culture and how they were
so against the Mexican culture mostly in
the drug sense and the drug selling
because they think the Mexicans are
taking the business but I'm not sure
that actually happens in real life like
another in Indian culture
We certainly have differences between
Pakistan and you know right different
village oh I mean for the most part
India is really a country but there are
still tensions between different regions
south north whatever so it's the same
with this called children I was
interested
and grooves and and you know we got a
little bit more of Maria's backstory
yeah yeah and which was great to kind of
see that and I love the way they
threaded it throughout kind of started
when she was younger as a kid and then
moved through teenager yeah adult and
that was really coming that was awesome
to see that's one of my favorite things
about this show is when they highlight
individual characters for an whole
episode because you do want to know
where they come from and why they are
the way they are and how they got there
because people like yoga or whatever
it's like why are they that humanizing
layer to know again sort of what we're
saying is like you can love these people
they're not perfect and they did certain
things but what was her motivation why
did they any things and with all those
nuances and layers and they're not
necessarily all bad people they did
maybe what they had to do to survive and
you know we kind of get a better clearer
picture of what these people go through
and it and again it's it's very
enlightening and kind of depressing to
see yeah you're saying just the
different factions and the drug turf
wars and those sort of things so and
it's interesting to see you know the
different crimes they did commit to get
there like the Judy was tax fraud or
whatever but then you know you have
people have killed people we've had
right drug-related crimes that sort of
stuff right are you stealing and things
right so it's just such a wide range and
they're all just in there together yeah
yeah it was like even if you don't for
example chain you don't really see her
too often but when you do the first
thing that came to my mind with her
history and then right right there and
then he's like sorry for one second I
cannot be here immediately
right out with that so I think that was
a genius part on Genji so yeah
absolutely and and to me that's become a
bigger thing now just an other plot
device is another yeah that this
was the first show to do that but you
start to see it now in other shows using
employing that same tactic that it's
become something of a very big way of
storytelling yeah
with Maria specifically do we want to
talk about her first I've been really
interesting because last season when we
learned that her partner didn't want to
bring their child to prison anymore
because they didn't want to see their
mom in prison blah blah but now learning
that she's in there because of him
and she says his life originally and
he's crashing right when she's saved him
when she was just a teenager when he
found the drugs and through it and yes
her bedroom and then now he's doing all
of this for that like that broke my
heart
- that was impression - watch that yeah
it was really sad as I was saying that
when you see the motivation see what
happened yeah you see the way some some
of them were treated yeah
well she gave up her family yes she gave
up everything them everything before the
sky right and that's and and we know
that that happens yeah in the world in
in general and people do that yeah and
that kind of goes back to you know
giving up here everything for this and
then to see him do that was just oh my
god it was awful right it was awful when
she punched him when she brought the
drugs back to the boxing ring I the
interaction originally was nice between
them I guess I remember when he came
back like what the treatment she got
from him yeah yeah it was awful I mean I
don't know you have to also put yourself
in his shoes - yeah in a way but no
conversation those like should kids be
in the prison and the prison bah blah
you know but they you definitely don't
want to ruin that relationship the
parent that should be the child's
decision well and and it brought up a
thing that was actually just in the
paper and it's sort of out there
recently about the there's a couple
prisons out there that actually let the
moms have the kids in prison with them
and basically the very few but there are
places and like an upstate New York I
think is actually one of the places
where yeah and so long periods of time
yeah they actually stay with them and
they have like a daycare and everything
there but they basically live with them
in this very similar to Litchfield about
the fact that they're they're in a you
know it's on a it's the same kind of
setup and these kids actually live with
them and there's all there is dialog and
there is discussion going on now is this
healthy for the kids actually full-time
with the parent in prison in this kind
of environment like the kid shouldn't be
in prison no but it but but they're
little but they're like babies or what
and it's not like they're stuck in a
cell where they go to daycare they do
other things but they are basically in
and the mom
as a chance to connect with the kids
because if we set up you know like
what's happening with daya and
everything with the baby away and that's
what totally normal and and it was
interesting that this is something
that's been out there kind of out there
in the news now is this healthy for kids
and and for the moms yeah should we just
separate kids right away when they're
born and live somewhere that could be
unhealthy too for them yeah I wonder if
they'll open up that talk on the show
well that's I wonder because it's just
is kind of an out there in the video are
so many characters on this show who have
the rights of their children right and
that's part of the issues that we've
seen and that's real stuff and like
you're saying is any healthier for them
to be in an unhealthy environment with
with their parent with their dad or
other relatives or be out in foster care
and it's really a serious discussion
which again that shows bring out is it
just with this we're probably going to
defend together just with the moms that
the kids are allowed to stay with her
can they also say with the dads in
prison that I don't know that's a good
question and they're serving people out
there may know but I don't this one in
particular was for the mothers so what
if they gave birth or whatever the the
kid could stay with them in this you
know in this prison and it was the same
sort of such situation as Litchfield
yeah you know wasn't um what did they
call it it low you know soar there right
yeah I guess my only concern would be
health concerns for a newborn or you
know a child that you know may be not
immune to certain things or the
cleanliness of it especially I don't
know I mean I'm not really sure ya know
we're gonna say how is it any different
then but it is an interesting debate and
I didn't get something out there that
everyone you know if you have any
comments or anything else that people
want to bring up regarding that it's
it's been out there right yeah that's
interesting yeah so you know we were
talking about the last episode we know
Sophia's gonna be back in here we see
her wife actually come to her defense
which I also thought was really great
because they had such a sort of a rocky
relationship for a while trying to
figure each other out and see her come
to her defense and confront Caputo about
it was yeah it was pretty brilliant well
I thought it's also it's important
that Gloria is the one who called her
son to go tell her my goal which is
something that again has been a red line
because the past seasons when they were
having their own fights
and yes you know it was nice to see
Gloria have that and and have her back
there and I realize how important it is
again going back to having kids but to
have her go out there and confront him
was pretty cool too yeah it's definitely
that kind of place so I'd love to see
what's gonna happen with that next
couple episodes and and when she's gonna
come out and I think it also brings up
other issues out in the news right now
with transgender rights and yeah and the
wrong people and and shoe and solitary
confinement and things like that that
are also very important right now yeah
that this shows bring light to and that
also goes back to the conversation we
were having about the different sides of
Caputo because we do see him have a
heart sometimes but with this situation
he just sweeps it under the rug right
when it's when it is very serious and he
even the reasoning he gives for it was
almost more scary for me than than him
just sweeping it under the road because
he's like yeah they go crazy in here and
they blah blah and I'm like okay
Woollett that's the problem
shouldn't we be thankful maybe he's
doing it for her protection right now I
mean the prison is going a little bit
crazy what if there's gonna be more
brawls because of who she is
so maybe who knows he could be turning a
nice guy and waiting a little while
shuttle down that's an interesting
that's an interesting thought yeah I
didn't think of it that way because I
was no but that is an interesting
perspective because I was thinking now
there is being a jerk and like here is a
really important issue true and she's
there and she shouldn't be he doesn't
seem to care but you're right there
could be the other side to it it's like
maybe he's keeping her there sort of
like his favoritism with UDK
business-class yeah at this point she
probably has more space hurt all the
food because now they're fighting over
food they're fighting on for showers all
these other resources probably get their
own shower
I believe that's what I'm thinking yeah
we don't know the conditions down there
I'm kind of scared for when she comes
out because we don't know what she's
gonna look like we don't know what's
gonna have happened to her and how
she'd been there has she been able to
get you know the medication she means
how I've been treated there like you
said you you're in solitary confinement
and it really doesn't mess with your
time not crazy out there
you make people crazy by being in and
they never show us down there so we
don't know which I actually think is
really great it's sort of that that
keeping that distance there not knowing
really how bad it is down there sort of
just left your imagine everything the
tensions don't some places it does but
you know going back to the prison and
the overcrowding you know we talk about
them now computers thing we have to do
porta-potties and and they have to clean
it up I think the clean up our two
parties at marsh I'm just thinking about
like the Andy Gump
you know things out here in Los Angeles
you just think of the construction sites
when you think of those nasty
porta-potties day like today where it's
like super hot but then you see them at
you see him go to this corporate meeting
and it was just so depressing that was
dark comedy and it was just oh we get
the tax breaks if ya you know can hire
veterans and and if we hire veterans
that have been out of work for a year we
get more tax break and then you're
thinking about this is real stuff and
these are what real companies are
dealing with like okay these shitty
cabins
yeah I mean like that's a good way well
the more injured the bigger tax break we
get if they're on crutches or
wheelchairs and you know it was just
like oh my god this is so depressing and
then if they shoot someone because of
their problems with PTSD they're already
in jail right is that a joke but that's
the thing is it was light-hearted but
the same time that's what happens and
they're thinking okay well what do we do
cuz they're kind of removed from its
corporate world right yep joking about a
bean glitch or what are you yeah yeah it
was just like what do we do to get these
you know what's the incentive if we
can't pay him much money which is like
what's going on in corporate America now
yeah we're gonna take all the money
ourselves at the top end but you gotta
pay everyone else nothing yeah
what do we do free haircuts no that's
not gonna really be a big thing why
don't we give him free housing we've
always cabin which goes back to the
gingerbread house room the first thing
is that where is that they're gonna be
throwing people in these type of places
right yeah it's it was depressing but
also very realistic yeah what's
they're in America and it's hurting with
the no it's got a little thing and he
goes out and buys an $1,100 yes I know
then you again seeing that sight of him
again where you're like okay or he's
like wow it's on sale for $1,100 all
I'll take it doubted that he would he
was hesitant he was like I can't afford
this but you know what I'm the director
right resources now so he's gonna be all
mr. fancy yeah there's 1,100 dollar suit
no there's a lot of like a little
undercurrents of change going on a lot
of no other night things
snoring yeah the middle of the night
like crying and that whole fight between
the Dominicans in prison and the right
to girls yeah I wonder how that's gonna
Lori I literally earned her not Gloria
what's right Maria and she's just like
beat her on the way that it should have
been done but I didn't get it so was
once a girls yeah they did
yeah so I think that the beginning Maria
is like okay we don't want to cause
trouble we don't in a fight even though
we are the majority now but there's
different groups bah blah but now but
then when she saw what happened in the
stairwell she's like okay well we need
to have a more planned out execution as
opposed to just acting when heat of the
moment right yeah like let me make them
you know that were not nothing around
yes yeah that's true but was one of
those girls who did attack her in the
stairwell in the first episode number
one lolly called Piper over and she's
like isn't that girl that that fell
asleep on my shoulder or whatever I
think that was one of the girls who did
it later so I'm wondering why who this
girl is
yeah because we don't know so as one of
the girls who be the girl in the
stairwell yes second episode in the
second episode but in the first episode
do you remember when they were in the
cafeteria and lolly was with Alex and
they called Piper over and lolly said to
Piper that girl over there wasn't she
the one
who fell asleep on my shoulder on the
airplane or whatever I was just like why
is she bringing that up there's that's
gonna come back that's yeah that was but
I feel like it's gonna be more than this
stairwell
no but that's I was thinking that was
and sort of letting you leave that these
little interactions are actually much
bigger and even if they don't happen
right away they're gonna be yeah well
he's also so paranoid that should
probably notices all of these but yeah
yeah so I mean that's this this second
episode was just really really well done
and so much going on and so much just
leading up to it can we talk about
pennsatucky yes I mean like this coats
not get it what I did because even the
first and second episode he was you know
like what's why doesn't she like me like
talking to the other guard about oh she
you know maybe she's mad because our
work schedules change blah blah
obviously not saying whom he's talking
about but like picking his brain about
why she could possibly not be talking or
be mad at him it's like he's joining it
with a little love yeah like a flea yeah
she just and meanwhile she's completely
affected by it obviously and she should
be yes and and she's concerned about
maritza now who has has taken over her
responsibilities as driver with hose so
she's kind of saying if anything's
happened if she's gone to see the duck
so got an ice cream or whatever I think
she's like then make she's slowly
realizing that it was just her like he
might not she's confused as to why he
doesn't do it to other people too I have
a feeling she might actually fall for
him though even though he thought I was
really you think so
yeah cuz I know that's like really
twisted and yeah but at the same time
it's just so I don't know why I saw like
her get a little bit of a shift when she
found out it could have been just her
that he did it with yeah he is starting
to fall for her but to him in his eyes
but he ever he's doing is so normal
right yeah well he doesn't
huge disconnect there between him not
realizing what he did was wrong and then
her being confused as to because we
thought her when we saw her background
there's a similar situation happened to
her before but it seemed like the guys
that did that to her before kind of did
that with everyone yeah and so now she's
like why isn't he doing that right now
because that's what she's used to right
exactly yeah so it's it's a very sad and
dark storyline yeah it happens you know
and unfortunately there are people out
there who don't realize that that's
wrong and that you know they think it's
like they're right and that's the whole
thing exactly well I'm both from both
sides and then you have people that grew
up thinking it's normal I think it's
normal and then it's acceptable and that
this is what I'm supposed she did you
know for so long she just thought this
is how it happens I'm just sort of used
don't but I love that boo is kind of
protecting her and hopefully it's gonna
because no one else knows yeah so it's I
think it's important for her to have
someone to talk to you yeah I love their
dynamic yeah yeah
and again that's that relationship has
matured over the season so they've just
been really neat to watch yeah yeah I
agree any other final thoughts are we
gonna move well there was one thing
about yogi but that's like small I guess
how she felt uncomfortable being like
the 1% so to speak with Judy but she
didn't want to turn it down yeah like
it's we're liking it yeah I will suspend
chase you got a little taste of that
life yeah I mean that's sort of the same
thing with with Judy or so so yeah just
being able to be like okay well no I
mean but if someone's gonna offer you
all this great stuff like sure you may
want to turn it down but it's also
really nice to to have it you know
someone's gonna say I will fly your
first class everywhere but you also see
the two sides of Judy already because
she's really nice but then she kind of
flips like even in the first episode
when she said oh room with it whatever
but then not the fatties or Nebraska or
whatever
okay wait you're really not that nice
that's true you know this she's got a
really dark side yeah yeah ass need to
know how the seasons gonna go because
right now I'm kind of watching and it
can go way out here yeah yep it's sort
of like a I don't know it's a weather
nerd thing but it's like that hurricane
if you know what's directions gonna go
by the end of the season go way out here
and as we move along we're to see kind
of where this the seasons gonna take us
yeah I for one am really fascinated
because I have no idea yeah watching the
show from the beginning I have no idea
what direction is gonna say it yeah
there you go anywhere I feel like the
second episode especially set up a lot
of things yeah yeah especially with
Piper kind of hiring her but her
bunkmate to be her muscle security
service but I love that her bug mate
doesn't take take from her
because she's like I'm gonna put my
towel here I'm gonna brag about doing
the whole live with her away yeah yeah
yeah it's like she's not gonna put up
with that which i think is great
yes Piper the last thing she needs is
someone who like actually by vendor her
someone to fire a little bit but still
gotta be by her side too yeah show her
toughness I love how she's still so
scared of red because red was like we
should just take Piper out next time
instead of give her a chance she's like
wait are you yes there's a lot that's
happening and how it's gonna be brought
in and where the seasons gonna go do you
guys have any I think I just have a lot
of questions yeah like what's gonna
happen with daya and her baby yeah yeah
what's gonna go on with this girl from
the plane that lolly talked about I feel
like there's gonna be something
definitely something there I agree with
um there's gonna be a bigger role for
her
where the hell is Bennet like we right
that's something we need the answers for
this and what about you know what we're
gonna do with Nicki if she just got you
know it's like I want to have some kind
of right guys out there if you've read
anything about Bennet please tweet us
and link us because I have insights
general yeah like in general like what's
going on you what do you guys think
without giving way too many spoilers
because we do only watch the first two
at a time here so yeah too far ahead
yeah so
Thank You Piper do you guys think that
she's going down a dangerous path by
being so like I'm top boss I'm this on
that instead of just kind of flying
under the radar she's really making
herself known which I feel like could be
very dangerous I think she's falling
down a rabbit hole and someone's gonna
snap her out of it thought someone might
be Alex or that new girl that had the
three tattoos she seems like she could
be a potential Brandi yeah she's
definitely it's gonna culmination it's
something it's gonna happen that she's
gonna end up you know having to deal
with that yeah for sure yeah so much
okay now I'm trying to think what else
they're just gonna go a lot of
underlying racism I feel like in this
whole series like a lot of talk with
that there's something so much more much
more diversity so far I feel like was
merit because it's it's represent right
you know what's really happening you
guys made a prediction last season about
Laura's husband how he's gonna end up
being crazier than her
I am I so agree with that he's gonna
come back and do something that will
push her away that was a good prediction
you guys huh yeah and now I think it'll
reappear
well I'm sort of what we're seeing
seeing her in the last episode seeing
her be so enamored about the whole
marriage thing she doesn't know anything
about him yes exactly and right so at
some point that's gonna come back yeah
and sort of the same thing that we saw
with crazy eyes is she wanted a
relationship so badly she got a little
taste of another person it was kind of
giving her the treatment that she had
been giving people before right and she
thought oh this is scary so I do you
think a lot of these characters are
gonna have to learn and figure out this
is not gonna work yeah there's so many
things a guy can keep track of all these
characters and his stories so what you
guys think
predictions oh I already know that
somebody I'm not even gonna say it
somebody dies already know that it's
like it sucks like actually I don't feel
like saying anything cuz I'm pretty
pissed about that but that's all I know
again just who questions those questions
those are the storylines that I like I'm
most curious about yeah but I do feel
like something bad probably gonna happen
with Piper she the one that dies because
I don't know if it does about that no
but you know what is interesting that
you brought that up is that she as a
character is
so no longer the center of this right
story that in a sense she could be gone
and we would have so much other richness
of these other characters that we would
mister yeah sense that we would have
happened in season one yeah all right so
I know it's time to wrap it
I could talk forever about alright yeah
so we've already talked predictions I
talked about final thoughts and I'm so
glad to have you guys this I'm so glad
to be back to you so where can they find
you guys oh you guys can follow me on
twitter at koneko all in instagram you
can have it long of lal and you can find
me on twitter and instagram at sterling
Cates and you can find me on well it's
different everywhere so find me on
twitter @sa ad that's SMA n80 and we
will be back same time next week the
next two episodes three and four season
four we're back it's so exciting and the
entire afterbuzz TV staff we would like
to thank you for listening to the
afterbuzz TV network to watch or listen
to other after shows and post comments
and questions be sure to visit
afterbuzz TV comm I'm Sir Richard
Wentworth and this has been a
presentation of afterbuzz TV
reviews expressed herein are those of
the host only do not necessarily reflect
the news of afterbuzz TV or told her
principal